readme.md, before:

# 🕹️ Text-Based Escape Game

A Python-based text adventure game where the player must explore rooms, collect keys and potions, avoid ghosts, and escape through a locked door — all within 5 minutes!

You are a student staying as a paying guest in a mysterious house. Your patron traps you inside, and now you must:

• Explore rooms

• Collect 3 keys to unlock the door

• Avoid ghosts that damage your health

• Use potions to heal

• Escape before time runs out!

## 🎮 How to Play
To run the python script, type the following command in your terminal

```cmd
python game.py
```
   
Then use commands like:

• move north / move east — move in that direction

• collect key / collect potion — pick up items

• use potion — restore health

• inventory — see what you have

• quit — exit the game

## ⚙️ Requirements

• Python 3.1 +
## 📁 File Structure

```

├── main.py           # Game logic

├── settings.py       # Room and note definitions

└── README.md         # This file
```


## 👥 Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Make sure to update tests as appropriate.


## 📄   License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add intro and objective file

readme.md, after:

# 🕹️ Text-Based Escape Game

A Python-based text adventure game where the player must explore rooms, collect keys and potions, avoid ghosts, and escape through a locked door — all within 5 minutes!

You are a student staying as a paying guest in a mysterious house. Your patron traps you inside, and now you must:

• Explore rooms

• Collect 3 keys to unlock the door

• Avoid ghosts that damage your health

• Use potions to heal

• Escape before time runs out!

## 🎮 How to Play
To run the python script:

1. Open

```cmd
settings.py
```

2. Replace the "Your_path_to_..." line with the original file paths.

3. Save the file

4. Open your terminal and type

```cmd
python game.py
```
   
Then use commands like:

• move north / move east — move in that direction

• collect key / collect potion — pick up items

• use potion — restore health

• inventory — see what you have

• quit — exit the game

## ⚙️ Requirements

• Python 3.1 and later versions
## 📁 File Structure

```

├── game.py           # Game logic

├── settings.py       # Room and note definitions

├── intro.txt         # Premise of the game

├── objective.txt     # Game Objective

├── LICENSE           # MIT License

└── readme.md         # This file
```


## 👥 Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Make sure to update tests as appropriate.


## 📄   License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
